+-2, don’t know any of the context here
Update it says paninis, +2, I that it said pannis and I was confused
Sandwich tier list
There’s literally a kitchen appliance dedicated to it. How it died is a mystery tbh.
i slammed my panini in the car door
What about Quisnos? Is that how it was spelt? Subway but toasted
Okay apparently it still exists in America. It died a slow and painful death here in Australia.
Because they were not bread properly
Have they? Because every one I see has been covered by the press
Wow, fantastic pun
It's crazy on how it's my birthday today
We have a panini maker we use almost exclusively for Buffalo chicken wraps. They slap.
Panera bread in shambles
Where's the sandwich tier list? I know you did a bracket, but I want a tier list.
there is nothing stopping you from buying a panini maker and enjoying hot sandwiches daily
Stouffers has some pretty terrible frozen ones, but yeah otherwise they just totally vanished
Linguini as well. No one makes good linguini
i had to look that up, you might be right
Gen Z grew up thinking this was a panini
The heck
You can hear Chris Remo get unreasonably angry about it here
if you add meat to a grilled cheese does it become a melt?
Pennies, too.
it's because george forman didn't keep them relevant with a lean mean panini machine
the rock and roll hall of fame sells paninis, they are simply endangered
This means that I'm currently eating a critically endangered species of sandwich.
I ate one three days ago. Havent been really happy about it
You say that, but it's not crazy. Hoagies just exude that trademark cold-cut confidence and sweaty paninis just couldn't compete.
You know, "panini" is already plural, it is "panino" if it is singular, so "paninis" is superplural?
I ate one last week. Perhaps the UK is behind the curve.
Overfishing without replenishing the population has devastated the striped panini. The species needs some good press to bring awareness to this issue.
speak for yourself nl, they call me the panini king
Another thing millennials killed.
